well just a few moments ago we heard
from an elderly Israeli woman released
overnight from captivity in Gaza by
Hamas that's 16 days after having been
abducted from her home in a kibutz in
southern Israel close to the border with
Gaza yed liit says that a doctor
attended to her during her time in
captivity she said the hostages that she
was with were given medicine and she was
she said that after her capture once
inside Gaza she was taken into a network
of tunnels underneath the Gaza Strip she
described them as looking like a spider
web her daughter helped her translate
her account my mom is telling the
horrific stories she's saying that many
many people a swarm of people came
through the fence the defense cost 2 and
a half billion shekels and it didn't
help even a little bit my mom is saying
that she was taken on a back of of a
motorbik with her body uh with her legs
on one side and her head on another side
that she was taken through the plowed
Fields with a man in front on one side
and a man behind her and that while she
was do being taken she was hit by a
sticks by shabab shabab yeah shabab PE
people until they reach the
tunnel
there there they walked for a few
kilometers on the wet
ground there are a huge um huge um
network of tunnels underneath it looks
like a spider
web y lifet also also spoke about how
the hostages that she was with in Gaza
were
treated my mom is talking about coming
there when they arrived they arrived
into a large are Hall about 25 hostages
were gathered and after two or three
hours those hostages five of them she
among them were taken into a separate
room my mom is saying that they they
were very friendly towards them and that
they took care of them that they were
given the
medicine that they were
given they were given
medicine and they were H treated one of
the men with them um had badly injured
from from a motorbike accident on the
way and the paramedic was looking after
his wounds it was given uh um medicine
and
antibiotics uh that the people were
friendly that they kept the place very
clean they were very concerned about
them that was shaon lipitz translating
for her mom y one of two elderly Israeli
hostages released overnight from Gaza um
y's husband so shon's father remains
inside Gaza one of the 220 hostages
still in the Gaza Strip